fix: STRF-12861 Update stencil cli installation docs (#696)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/storefront/stencil/cli/install.mdx

There are different options for installing Stencil CLI and its dependencies on a Mac.

### Requirements
* Python 3+ 
* Node.js 20+ (Stencil CLI supported version)

> Note: if Python version is more than 3.12, then distutils should be installed using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If the Python version is more than 3.12, then you should install distutils using the following command:
```
